# Applying-badam-Rogan-oil-for-hair-
We apply oil to our hair to nourish our hair and scalp. We should apply oil to our hair before we apply shampoo. If we frequently apply shampoo to our hair without applying oil, then our hair and scalp becomes dry. If the scalp is not well-nourished, then we suffer from various scalp problems such as itching, inflammation, etc. The oil that we apply should be made of natural ingredients. Many people apply coconut oil for hair because it nourishes scalp and hair. We should apply badam Rogan oil for hair because it nourishes scalp and hair and does not cause any adverse effect. The badam oil is also used for infants. Applying almond oil to hair  Almonds are used since ancient times because they consist of special healing properties. They consist of high level of omega 9 fatty acid, Vitamin E and proteins. If we apply almond oil to our hair and scalp, then our hair become shinny.  Following are the benefits of applying badam Rogan oil for skin, hair and face: People apply almond oil because it is used to treat dandruff and prevent hair damage. It also helps in preventing scalp inflammation and other scalp infections. The badam oil is also used to treat different scalp infections such as eczema and psoriasis. The oil consists of rich nutrients such as Vitamin E and Vitamin A. it is useful to both hair and skin health. The badam oil also consists of properties for lightening the skin and removes tan from the skin. It is the best remedy for wrinkles, dry feet, hands and cracked heels.  The oil is also used for massaging the body and relaxes the muscles of the body. Many people use roghan oil for cooking also. The almond oil should be mixed with castor oil and is excellent for hair and is useful during the monsoons.  The badam roghan hair is useful for hair also because it is rich source of potassium, omega-3 fatty acid, Vitamin E and magnesium. It is useful to nourish the body and strengthen the hair of the body. It is also useful for preventing hair fall. The experts state that the Rogan oil is useful to the scalp of the babies also. It improves the strength and thickness of the hair. It does not cause any side effects to the babies.  Using the Rogan hair for brain The badam Rogan for brain is useful to both adults and children. It provides instant energy to the brain and keeps the scalp warmer during winters. The oil consists of best nutrients such as omega-3 fatty acids, selenium, magnesium or Vitamin E. So, these substances are useful to improve memory of an individual. It provides a soothing effect to the nervous system and brain and is useful to treat problems such as headaches, migraines etc.  The heart becomes healthier and boosts the brain health and memory. It is also useful to the skin and reduces the blemishes. It is also useful to promote hair growth. 
